All right, so head to app.js, and
we're going to movePpet into its own file.
So you can just cut that
whole bit of code here.
Create a new file here,
save it, call it pet.js.
Again, that'll be inside
your source directory.
You're going to import React from 'react'.
And then you're going to
export default pet like that.
So we have a nice little module now,
because we have Parcel now, right?
We can split our code up into
various different pieces.
You could not do that before, right?
Because nothing was
bundling it back together.
And now the Pet's gone, it's like, hey, I
don't know what this Pet thing is anymore.
And all you have to do is say,
import Pet from './Pet'.
One thing I'll just kinda
throw out really quick.
Notice that I do use capital letters
here to kind of correspond to this
being a component.
It's not required, and in fact,
most, well, I won't say most,
some file systems, are case insensitive.
So do not rely on case to be sensitive.
I might have caused downtime at Netflix
one time by relying on it to be case
sensitive.
That's true,
I got in trouble for that one.
But just know that's why you do it.
But I see people make that lowercase.
That's totally up to you,
it's a stylistic decision.
So notice that I called App.js and
Pet.js with a capital letter,
that's just to correspondent
to it being a component.
It's not required,
that's its stylistic decision.
I believe Linux file systems
are case insensitive.
Or Windows,
I can never keep that straight.
It doesn't matter,
one of them is case insensitive, and so
just never rely on case to be
sensitive with file systems.
But these ones I do call capital letter
just to signal to future Brian this is
a component.
If it is not a component,
then I will make it lowercase.
But some people will do that,
some people don't.
So one thing I do wanna call out here,
for the rest of this class,
please be using localhost:1234.
Do not be using the file
version that we have open here.
Go ahead and just close that one.